README.md, before:

# Created by Busra Odaci
Udacity_ND_Project repository contains projects for Udacity Programming For Data Science with Python Nanodegree Program

# Project 1

This project consisted in the exploration of a provided database movie rentals in which the student had to run SQL queries and build visualizations to showcase the output of the student's queries.

For the presentation component, the student had to create four slides, and each should have (a) a question of interest, (b) a supporting SQL query needed to answer the question, (c) a supporting visualization created using the final data of the SQL queries that answer the questions of interest, and (d) a small summary on each slide.


# Project 2

According to the project, the student had to make use of Python to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States — Chicago, New York City, and Washington. The student had to write code to (a) import the data and answer interesting questions about it by computing descriptive statistics, and (b) write a script that takes in raw input to create an interactive experience in the terminal to present these statistics.


# Python Learning In The Course

## The required files for running Project 2 are:

washington.csv
new_york_city.csv
chicago.csv

## Requirements
This program was written in Python (version 3.7.1) and relies on the following libraries:

pandas==0.23.4
numpy==1.15.4

Commit message:

docs: added presentation link to README.md file

README.md, after:

# Created by Busra Odaci
Udacity_ND_Project repository contains projects for Udacity Programming For Data Science with Python Nanodegree Program

# Project 1

This project consisted in the exploration of a provided database movie rentals in which the student had to run SQL queries and build visualizations to showcase the output of the student's queries.

For the presentation component, the student had to create four slides, and each should have (a) a question of interest, (b) a supporting SQL query needed to answer the question, (c) a supporting visualization created using the final data of the SQL queries that answer the questions of interest, and (d) a small summary on each slide.

You could find the presentation below:

[SQL_Project_Busra.pdf](https://github.com/busraodaci/Udacity_Project_Nanodegree/files/4977623/SQL_Project_Busra.pdf)


# Project 2

According to the project, the student had to make use of Python to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States — Chicago, New York City, and Washington. The student had to write code to (a) import the data and answer interesting questions about it by computing descriptive statistics, and (b) write a script that takes in raw input to create an interactive experience in the terminal to present these statistics.


# Python Learning In The Course

## The required files for running Project 2 are:

washington.csv
new_york_city.csv
chicago.csv

## Requirements
This program was written in Python (version 3.7.1) and relies on the following libraries:

pandas==0.23.4
numpy==1.15.4
